NMS-13446: provisiond docs updates (#3577)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/provisioning/detectors/SnmpDetector.adoc

| 20000
|===

== Example for SNMP scalar value

Assume you have a Dell server farm and you want to monitor the global server status provided by the OpenManage Server Administrator.
Global status is provided by a scalar OID `.1.3.6.1.4.1.674.10892.1.200.10.1.2.1`.
The service should be detected automatically if the server supports this OID.

For provisioning, we have a requisition named `Server` that contains all servers in our data center.
We create a detector with the name `Dell-OMSA-Global-State` for this requisition with the following parameters:

.Parameters for the SNMP detector
[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2"]
|===
| Parameter
| Value

| name
| Dell-OMSA-Global-State

| oid
| .1.3.6.1.4.1.674.10892.1.200.10.1.2.1
|===

When the requisition server synchronizes with the service, `Dell-OMSA-Global-State` will be detected if it supports the given SNMP OID.

== Example using SNMP tables

Assume you have an HP server farm and want to monitor the status of logical drives over SNMP provided from the HP Insight Manager.
The status for logical drives is provided in a SNMP table under `.1.3.6.1.4.1.232.3.2.3.1.1.4`.

> The service should be assigned automatically to all servers exposing the given SNMP OID.

Author: The former.  This is a detector and any node that provides a value for the given OID will have the service added for polling/collecting.

> The service should be assigned automatically to all servers exposing the given SNMP OID.

Author: ```suggestion
The service will be automatically assigned to any nodes that respond with a value for the specified OID.
```
